Llama2 fine-tuning docs update and move to README (#345)
oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples: distributed_training/llama2/README.md

# Overview

In this tutorial you will learn how to run a multi-node multi-GPU distributed fine tuning of large language model and deploy the fine-tuned model using OCI Data Science service. We will use the Meta Llama2 [llama-recipe GitHub repo](https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama-recipes) for the distributed training code. 
You can select your preferred Llama2 model size in the setup configuration between the 7b or 13b parameters. The key objective of the fine tuning task is to summarize dialog/conversation.

## References

* [https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama-recipes](https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama-recipes)
* [https://accelerated-data-science.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/model_training/training_llm.html](https://accelerated-data-science.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/model_training/training_llm.html)
* [https://huggingface.co/datasets/samsum/viewer/samsum/test?row=11](https://huggingface.co/datasets/samsum/viewer/samsum/test?row=11)

## Prerequisite

> The key prerequisites that you would need to set tup before you can proceed to run the distributed fine-tuning process on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Data Science Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key prerequisites that you would need to setup before you can proceed to run the distributed fine-tuning process on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Data Science Service.
```

Author: will addressed in the new update

```yaml
kind: job
apiVersion: v1.0
spec:
  name: LLAMA2-Fine-Tuning-v13b-hf-v1
  infrastructure:
    kind: infrastructure
    spec:
      blockStorageSize: 512
      logGroupId: ocid1.loggroup.<>
      logId: ocid1.log.<>
      subnetId: ocid1.subnet.<>
      shapeName: VM.GPU.A10.2
    type: dataScienceJob
  runtime:
    kind: runtime
    type: pyTorchDistributed
    spec:
      git:
        url: https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama-recipes.git
        commit: 1aecd00924738239f8d86f342b36bacad180d2b3
      command: >-
        torchrun examples/finetuning.py
        --enable_fsdp
        --use_peft
        --peft_method lora
        --pure_bf16
        --mixed_precision
        --batch_size_training 4
        --model_name $MODEL_NAME
        --output_dir /home/datascience/outputs
        --num_epochs 1
        --save_model
      replicas: 6
      conda:
        type: service
        slug: pytorch20_p39_gpu_v2
      dependencies:
        pipPackages: >-
          --extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118 torch==2.1.0
          'accelerate>=0.21.0'
          appdirs==1.4.4
          loralib==0.1.2
          bitsandbytes==0.39.1

>           black==23.9.1

Reviewer: We can remove `black`?
